Add Routes Examples (#1285)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/advanced/routes.mdx

  <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/advanced/concepts/lambdas/">lambdas</GenericLink>.
</Note>

## Cascading Order

> Routes are applied in the order they are given in the `routes` array. Take the following configuration, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routes are applied in the order they are listed in the `routes` array. Take the following configuration; for example:
```

```json
{
  "routes": [
    { "src": "/(.*)", "dest": "/" },
    { "src": "/first-page", "dest": "/first-page.html" }
  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  An incorrect example <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file that will match
  all
  <InlineCode>routes</InlineCode> and proxy them to <InlineCode>/</InlineCode>
</Caption>

> In this configuration, since the first route matches all possible paths, the second route will never be applied. The order of these routes would have to switch for the latter route to apply to the `/first-page` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example configuration above, since the first route matches all possible paths, the second route will not be used. The order of these routes would have to switch for the latter route to apply to the `/first-page` path.
```

> The correct configuration for all routes to take affect would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The correct configuration for all routes to take affect would be the following:
```

In this example, handle filesystem expands to route `/about` and `/contact`.

## Advanced Routing

> This section is intended to cover a number of advanced uses for routes, providing examples that can be adapted for use in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section intends to cover a number of advanced uses for routes, providing examples that can be adapted for use in your project.
```

### Custom 404

> The `routes` array is processed before attempting a match. For example, this allows us to send a `404` status code for specific route patterns:

Reviewer: We always use `you` instead of `us` or `we.
```suggestion
The `routes` array is processed before attempting a match. For example, this allows you to send a `404` status code for specific route patterns:
```

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "routes": [{ "src": "/build/stats", "status": 404, "dest": "/404" }]
}
```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file, setting a{' '}
  <InlineCode>404</InlineCode> status code for the{' '}
  <InlineCode>/build/stats</InlineCode> route.
</Caption>

This would return a `404` status code for the `/build/stats` route.

> To provide a custom 404 route, you can rely on the filesystem, providing a custom error page if there are no matches. The code below shows an example of how to do this:

Reviewer: This may be a bit misleading? You can only do this for 404s currently, right?

Author: @dav-is what do you think about this?

Reviewer 2: Yes 404s are the only errors you could see during routing. Any other errors can be caught by the executing lambda

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "routes": [
    { "handle": "filesystem" },
    { "src": "/(.*)", "status": 404, "dest": "/404" }
  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file, setting a{' '}
  <InlineCode>404</InlineCode> status code for any routes not matched in the
  filesystem.
</Caption>

In the snippet above, precedence is given to the filesystem, routing only to `/404` if there is no match.

### SPA Fallback

> A common pattern with single-page applications is routing everything to a single file with the browser parsing the path. Most SPAs have assets to serve as well, so you should handle the filesystem before rewriting the path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common pattern with single-page applications (SPAs) is to route everything towards a single file with the application parsing the path to handle the routing itself. Most SPAs have assets to serve as well, so you should handle the filesystem before rewriting the path:
```

  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file using{' '}
  <InlineCode>continue</InlineCode> to add global headers.
</Caption>

In this example, `/test` would be cached for `3600`, `/blog/whatever` would be cached for `600`. It's important to note when using `continue` and headers, if a header is already set, it is overridden.

#### `dest` and `continue`

When you need to rewrite the URL without matching, you should use `"continue": true`.

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "routes": [
    {
      "src": "/test",
      "headers": { "Cache-Control": "max-age: 600" },
      "continue": true
    },
    { "src": "/(.*)", "dest": "/src/public/$1", "continue": true },
    { "src": "/src/public/test", "dest": "/src/function/test" }
  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> file using{' '}
  <InlineCode>continue</InlineCode> to rewrite a URL without matching.
</Caption>

In this example, when requesting `/test`, it will look for a response at `/src/public/test`. Any routes that follow the `dest` + `continue` route will match against the new path. For example, `/test` would match all 3 routes.

### Common Regex

> When using the `.` character, you should keep in mind that in regex, it matches anything. A literal `.` is denoted `\\.`. Slashes do not need to be escaped because the regular expression is enclosed in quotes.

Reviewer: Maybe note that it's PCRE regex?

> When using the `.` character, you should keep in mind that in regex, it matches anything. A literal `.` is denoted `\\.`. Slashes do not need to be escaped because the regular expression is enclosed in quotes.

Author: ```suggestion
When using the `.` character in a [PCRE Regex](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perl_Compatible_Regular_Expressions), you should keep in mind that in regex, it matches anything. A literal `.` is denoted `\\.`. Slashes do not need to be escaped because the regular expression is enclosed in quotes.
```

Incorrect:

```json
{ "src": "\\/test\\/file.json", "status": 404, "dest": "/404" }
```

<Caption>
  An incorrect example of a <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> route.
</Caption>

Considering this example, `/test/file.json` would match, but `/test/file-json` would too. This is not intended. The `\\/` slashes are distracting and needless.

Correct:

```json
{ "src": "/test/file\\.json", "status": 404, "dest": "/404" }
```

<Caption>
  A correct example of a <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> route.
</Caption>

> ### Catch All Except

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Catch-All Except
```
